Hi, and welcome to the blockchain nano degree course.
We're going to pick up here at the topic of smart contract upgradability.
Within this topic, we're going to discuss upgrade scenarios.
We're going to also discuss solutions.
We're going to discuss how we can separate data and app logic,
and then security between contracts.
Now, one of the questions that probably comes to
your mind is why do smart contracts need to be upgraded?
Also, if the blockchain is supposed to be immutable,
why even have this possibility?
Well, that's exactly why we want to go through
the different scenarios that
require a blockchain smart contract to be upgraded. So let's start with that.
One of the things that you want to consider is
a potential bug is discovered in your contract code.
What happens if that contract is out there
and that bug continues to be present and exploited?
That's a scenario you do not want and you want to upgrade your smart contract for that.
Business rules change all the time.
What if your business has a different set of
parameters that it needs to use for the smart contract?
You would need to change that.
In fact, in one of the exercises we are going to do in this course,
that's exactly the scenario we'll tackle,
where a business rule has to be changed.
Another potential scenario could be where
the contract admin's private key is lost or compromised.
What this does is introduce the risk of financial loss or
privacy if data loss would be present due to that.
Another reason why you would want to upgrade is gas prices have increased
and code that was fine before perhaps hits up against a block gas limit,
or it needs to be optimized to lower the overall cost.
So there is a lot of different scenarios where you would want
to upgrade your smart contract.
It's very important that as you think about developing your smart contract,
that you build in into the architecture,
this level of modularity,
so that in the future if problems arise,
you can easily react to them and easily change things.